Seen ten thousand kinds
I have been working abroad for so many years
Huaxin Chamber of Commerce
Finally become the world's leading super consortium
What a pity!
I have no successor for such a big industry
Yang Xin
Are you sure my wife and children are in Jiangzhou?
This paternity test report
Please take a look.
Have you relied on it?
Please rest assured.
If I hadn't gotten this report
I'm afraid we can't find the lady and the master either
only
Tell me, president, you are now the richest man in Kyushu
They monopolized the world's financial industry and real estate
But the lady and the young master live very clearly
The young master is setting up a stall to sell barbecues
And the lady is helping someone wash the dishes
I'm sorry to invite them.
It's really not easy for him to raise the child alone
I must make up for the regrets of that year when I return to China this time.
Hello
Hurry up, dawdle, okay, okay, okay, right away
I'm too busy to come
Thank you. Thank you.
Come right away, come right away, come right away
Handsome guy eats meat skewers, okay, okay, okay
Business is really good these days.
Go on like this
It won't be long before it can be cancelled.
Honey, why don't you get a room?
How nice of so many people to come and go
Isn't this Xiao Xiao's car?
I'll stop here.